no hello youtube friends here the
producer of addicted videogames
bringing them a new video tutorial of
how to download some in this case
they are games that maybe
we will remember
maybe as kids it made us have fun
a lot and if you have not had the opportunity
I recommend playing them much
these are the station atari games and
family are career accountant if better
The first thing to do is go to
the description of the video
the download once here
we give in
file uploads
what we created from the district
we give you a download
2 seconds
We give you in downloads download slower
if it has prize 'function
and if you start to download
it took me an average of 10 minutes in
download what is this game
It weighs
they do not see too
the works and fruits
how can you see if the
link
well once downloaded they will have a
web file
in this you just have to extract the game
I want to be here but decompress and
once compressed we will have the
folder in the folder because the only thing
you have to do is enter because no no
requires installation or nothing the only
what are we going to do we enter for myself and
we give in this logo I have it
put in a shortcut even though you
we give once we give it and it opens us
like the emulator says
if you do not see the games here
the only thing that we have to do is give
cool
and we look for the folder in this case and the
I have a desk
we give him then
and whether you 're looking for better ones that you like
mario esteban
the elevator
the beginnings of metro today
the beginnings of cell
and it works well in this and once
are inside the dweller to change
the controls some that you
prefer to go to options
weather
and they already select I have with the
arrows
two arrows
and with these are sl be
you can play up to 2
if you have a joystick, you connect it here
we give him
and then with the wolf joystick
configurations after accepting
English, you play
that has been all for the time of the
downloads I hope you liked it
remember to comment on a weapon and if it falls
the link or if it does not work tell me why
the 1 go back up now this one
works
now moving on to something else I love you
make some small recommendations
a few small recommendations
here I have I will recommend you three
channels that are practically other
my channels
this first channel is called I did not go
at
and some friends and I make you sketch
million blog videos
among other things happen and subscribe
comment
elche that they will not laugh for a while no no
will regret we currently have
11 videos
Well, we hope you like it and also
is this other channel that is from a friend
with which I do what it is I did not go
in this channel because he is dedicated to upload
currently fighting videos
80 videos with which you can
entertain and everyone likes the fight
pass in the same comments subscribe be
and among other things and the last channel
recommended as it is another mine is one
where I make pivot animations
Well I have 30 videos to be
entertain a mouse are pure
denominations with ropes that I have a
series of zombies that you currently have
eight chapters pass the same comment
subscribe then
well that was all for today I hope
that you liked my video wait
soon more
and games that I'm going to go up and
I already have a few already thought
to raise it good until next time